---
id: 55fb0d7c-2227-4d06-883d-d59343ff4ce5
blueprint: blog
title: 'blog 02'
author: d9c1d0ab-19db-45c8-922b-f8f407ed5faa
updated_by: d9c1d0ab-19db-45c8-922b-f8f407ed5faa
updated_at: 1662450462
template: blog/show
---
Hi FNAME
You recently downloaded one of our guides on parent vs leader - which one do you feel like today?
You’re not alone… Thousands of business owners feel like parents when they get to more than 15 employees.
- Perhaps it’s because your team has helped you grow the business from nothing
- Maybe it’s because you know you have to find their salary every month
- Or maybe it’s because you spend so much time with your team, they feel like a real family
Although being a ‘parent’ may seem like the right way to lead your time now, the problem comes when you want to scale.
You know that you can’t be a parent when you have 30, 50 70 or even 100+ employees, so it’s a good idea to change things now, whilst you can.
If you fancy a formal chat (and maybe a bit of a moan!), then why not book a call with me and we’ll discuss your options.
I promise this won’t be a sales call, but in turn, you’ll have to promise that:
- You have 15 or more employees right now
- You’re committed to transitioning from a parent to a leader
- You’ll turn up on time and be honest on the call
Sound fair? Reply to this email and I’ll send over a personalised booking link.
Al Elliott
Oblong - The People Experts
PS. This is absolutely not going to be a sales call - I promise! (And now I have said that, you can hold me to account by showing me this email!)

## E02: Re: Your question…
Hi
Quick one - you recently downloaded our guide ‘Be a leader not a parent’, and I’d love your advice on something.
I’m rewriting some sections, and I would love to hear your number 1 question around leading a team.
Just hit reply and let me know. (It’ll be 100% anonymous, unless you tell me otherwise.)
Thanks in advance,
Al Elliott
Oblong - The People Experts

## E03: Engagement surveys - do they work?
Hi
As an employer, I’m sure you’ve heard of engagement surveys, and how they can help improve productivity and reduce the risk of key employees leaving.
But there’s about 400 trillion out there to choose from, so how do you choose which one is right for you?
We’ve got you! Next week, we’re running a Zoom call which:
- Identifies the top 7 tools that actually work
- Explains which tool is best for each type of organisation
- Answers all your questions about running an effective survey
If you fancy an invite, just click reply and I’ll send out login details. (There’s no charge to attend, but the replay will only be available to paying clients).
Fancy an invite? Click reply and let me know.
Al Elliott
Oblong - The People Experts

## E04: FNAME = next podcast guest?
Hi
We’re putting together a new episode on leadership and we’re looking for guests who either:
- Have a great success story about leading a team, or…
- Have questions on how to be a great leader.
Do either of these describe you?
If so, would you be up for being a guest on an upcoming episode?
If not, you can still submit a question for us to answer (anonymously, if you like).
Would you let me know either way by clicking reply?
Thanks
Al Elliott
Oblong - The People Experts

## E05: Seriously..?
Hi 
I read a stat on Oberlo.com (it’s a great place for nerds like me) that almost 50% of employed people work for a small business.
That means 1 in 2 families in are wholly reliant on people like you to provide secure jobs, pay their bills, build up savings… in fact, everything that’s important in their lives.
No wonder you sometimes feel like a parent, rather than a leader.
We genuinely want to help you, so if you have 15 or more employees, and are committed to changing the leadership dynamic in your organisation, then we are happy to chat through all your options on a one-to-one basis.
Click reply if this is you, and I’ll send over the next steps.
Let me know FNAME
Al Elliott
Oblong - The People Experts

## E06: 9 word email
Hi
Are you still looking for ways to scale your organisation by improving your people?
Would you let me know either way?
## E07: Breakup 01
Hi Name
Our fancy email app thingy tells us that you’ve not really engaged with the last 5 emails we’ve sent you…
So it’s goodbye from us.
If you do nothing, we’ll stop sending you more emails.
However, if you still want to hear about ways to be a better leader and scale your organisation by finding & keeping great people, then click reply and I’ll ensure you stay on our list.
Either way, thanks for showing interest in Oblong & my work - maybe we’ll bump into each other some day.